artigos History
Key:
+ Added feature.
- Removed.
! Bug fix.
o General comment.
artigos v0.06:
===============
+ Printable version of page added.
o Admin Index page cleaned up and updated - text can now be localised in 
language/admin.php.
o Yet more minor changes.
+ artigo views caption text localised on index page.
+ "Posted on" and "reads" localised on main artigo page.
artigos v0.05 (not publically released):
===============
+ Implemented Xoops searching system. The artigo title, description and
the actual artigo text will be searched.
+ francais translation added - thanks to Hervé Thouzard.
o Several minor changes made.
artigos v0.04:
===============
o Changed font on admin icon to the same as used on Xoops' icons (bit3).
o Added "Pencil" to the logo.
o Changed module description to reflect current name.
+ Implemented comments.
+ Added category names in artigo listing - due to space limitations, the
category ID is shown, but a "tooltip" system is used to show the category
name. I have used "AltText" by Brian Gosselin of http://www.scriptasylum.com
+ Hard-coded artigo background colour to prevent artigo text being "washed
out" by theme background colours. The background colour will eventually be a
preferences option, but for now it can be changed in the "artigo_item.html"
template.
artigos v0.03:
===============
o Changed Category editor to internal Xoops editor.
+ Added category "Order" column in list of categories
+ Changed "main.php" include to accept other language files if they exist.
+ Added alternating row colours for category listing (in admin).
+ Added alternating row colours for artigo listing (in admin).
! Made a temporary fix for category listing/selection bug when editing artigos.
+ artigo list in admin now lists artigos by category, then its weight/order.
! Categories can now be hidden on user listing.
+ Added category ID column to the artigo listing.
+ Added width attributes to the artigo listing template, so looks tidier.
o Loads of small changes.
artigos v0.02:
===============
o First public release.
o Too much to list as still being "put together" - changes will be listed 
after this version.
artigos v0.01:
===============
This is the fist development version and was never released to the public.
This version has too many changes to list here.