LANGUAGES.txt
I have allowed for the artigos module to be localised - or to be translated to
your local language. This basically means that all captions, text and titles
will eventually be displayed in your language.
The default language for the artigos module is English as that is my primary
language and the default for Xoops itself. And unfortunately, while I know a
little francais, I am generally useless at learning foreign languages...
So, I am reliant on other people to translate the language files for me, the 
only problem is, these will usually be out of date by the next release due the
constant changes and updates of the module. Where this happens, I'll use the
translation services provided by Google and Altavista (where possible) to 
update them myself, if not, I shall use English. Unfortunately, these online
translation services, while generally good, still leave a lot to be desired so
grammatical errors, etc., are likely.
If you wish to translate artigos module to your language, please first of all:
1) Check to see if it's already been done (and maybe just needs updating?).
2) Make sure you have the latest version of artigos.
3) Consider obtaining the latest development version...
4) Bear in mind that the files may change constantly during its development.
To translate artigos to your language, go to the "languages" folder, copy the 
folder called "english" (along with any files it contains) and rename it to the
name of your language. Make sure that you use the English version of its name 
and, don't use capital letters and don't use any spaces.
Edit the files contained within your new language files - it should (in theory)
be fairly obvious as to what you need to change.